fix(kad): potentially incorrect return value of `Addresses::remove` (#4816)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/kad/CHANGELOG.md

> ## 0.45.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.45.1 - unreleased
```

Reviewer: Please also bump the version in `protocols/kad/Cargo.toml` and `Cargo.toml`.

Author: Done.

- Fix a bug where calling `remove` on `Addresses` with a non present `address` would return an error

>   potentially causing the removal of a `Peer` from the DHT.

Reviewer: Can you explain how this functionality is related to the peer being removed from the DHT?

Author: Yeah sure. When reading the documentation of `protocols/kad/src/behaviour.rs:Behaviour::remove_address` we can see it is mentioned that `If the given address is the last address of the peer in the routing table, the peer is removed from the routing table`. 

So, currently, when calling the function `remove_address` on the kad `Behaviour`, if there is only one address left, no mater what the provided address was, the `Peer` is removed from the DHT, even if the provided address was not present in the DHT.

https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/blob/dbfda10e3f0f649c6f8556d0afc71bf525968104/protocols/kad/src/behaviour.rs#L581-L614

> I might not be using the terms `DHT` and `routing table` correctly. Sorry if it is the case.

Reviewer: Ugh thanks for catching this! That is indeed bad! :)

Author: I'm resolving this since you seem to agree on the matter. You're welcome to unresolve this conversation if it is not the case.

> - Fix a bug where calling `remove` on `Addresses` with a non present `address` would return an error
>   potentially causing the removal of a `Peer` from the DHT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug where calling `Behaviour::remove_address` with an address not in the peer's bucket would remove the peer from the routing table if it the bucket has only one address left.
```

Author: Done.
